README.md, before:

# Great task for Great Fullstack Developer

If you found this task it means we are looking for you!

> Note: To clone this repository you will need [GIT-LFS](https://git-lfs.github.com/)

## Few simple steps

1. Fork this repo
2. Do your best
3. Prepare pull request and let us know that you are done

## Few simple requirements

- Design should be recreated as closely as possible.
- Design must be responsive. Because we live in our smartphones and we will check with them for sure.
- Use GitHub V3 REST API to receive data. [Docs here](https://developer.github.com/v3/)
- Use popular PHP framework (SlimPHP, Lumen, Symfony, Laravel, Zend or any other)
- Use AngularJS or ReactJS.
- Use CSS preprocessor (SCSS preferred).
- Browser support must be great. All modern browsers plus IE9 and above.
- Use a Javascript task-runner. Gulp, Webpack or Grunt - it doesn't matter.
- Do not commit the build, because we are building things on deployment.

## Few tips

- Structure! WE LOVE STRUCTURE!
- Maybe You have an idea how it should interact with users? Do it! Its on you!
- Have fun!

## ------------------A few words from the forker------------------------------

## How to run this project

1. Make sure PHP 5.6 is installed.
2. Make sure composer (PHP) is installed.
3. Make sure yarn (alternative to bower) is installed.
4. In your shell/terminal navigate to project root dir.
5. Run `composer install`
6. Run `yarn install`
7. Run `php -S localhost:8080 -t public/`.
8. Crossing fingers
9. Open browser url `http://localhost:8080`
10. A primitive version of so called 'Single-page application' implemented using AngularJs 1.x should materialize before your optical input device ;) :) (or not ... :( if that is the case, then I could try setup stuff with more enclosed dev environment like Vagrant or something similar)

p.s. not tested in Win environment.

## Known issues

- **WORK IN PROGRESS** (check https://github.com/konstantinast/fullstack-party/issues page a bit later for details)

Commit message:

https://github.com/konstantinast/fullstack-party/issues/25 done

README.md, after:

# Great task for Great Fullstack Developer

If you found this task it means we are looking for you!

> Note: To clone this repository you will need [GIT-LFS](https://git-lfs.github.com/)

## Few simple steps

1. Fork this repo
2. Do your best
3. Prepare pull request and let us know that you are done

## Few simple requirements

- Design should be recreated as closely as possible.
- Design must be responsive. Because we live in our smartphones and we will check with them for sure.
- Use GitHub V3 REST API to receive data. [Docs here](https://developer.github.com/v3/)
- Use popular PHP framework (SlimPHP, Lumen, Symfony, Laravel, Zend or any other)
- Use AngularJS or ReactJS.
- Use CSS preprocessor (SCSS preferred).
- Browser support must be great. All modern browsers plus IE9 and above.
- Use a Javascript task-runner. Gulp, Webpack or Grunt - it doesn't matter.
- Do not commit the build, because we are building things on deployment.

## Few tips

- Structure! WE LOVE STRUCTURE!
- Maybe You have an idea how it should interact with users? Do it! Its on you!
- Have fun!

## ------------------A few words from the forker------------------------------

## How to run this project

1. Make sure PHP 5.6 is installed. [ubuntu](https://askubuntu.com/a/756186); [win-step1](https://chocolatey.org/install),[win-step2](https://chocolatey.org/packages/php/5.6.7);[mac](https://ryanwinchester.ca/posts/install-php-5-6-in-osx-10-with-homebrew|)
2. Make sure composer (PHP) is installed. [link](https://getcomposer.org/download/) or [win](https://chocolatey.org/packages/composer)
4. Make sure node.js is installed. [link](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) or [win](https://chocolatey.org/packages/nodejs-lts)
5. Make sure yarn is installed. [link](https://yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install)
6. In your shell/terminal navigate to project root dir. 
7. Run `composer install`.
9. Run `yarn install`.
10. Run `gulp build-predeploy-run`.
11. Cross fingers (mandatory step) :D
12. Open browser url `http://localhost:8080`
13. A primitive version of so called 'Single-page application' implemented using AngularJs 1.x should materialize before your optical input device ;) :) (or not ... :( if that is the case, then I could try setup stuff with more enclosed dev environment like Vagrant or something similar)

p.s. tested in .nix environment (Ubuntu 16.04), but with minor mods should run on Mac or Win too.
